good morning anglers it is wednesday
april twenty third and once again we are
live at irvine lake for another major
sucking up trout whoa look at all these
beauties coming down the chute we are
not done yet it is still trout season
and we are still stocking thousands of
pounds of truck into the waters of
irvine language check it out this is
major sucking Wow beautiful fish I'm
seeing fishing the 225 pound class
including some Yosemite Reds nice fish
going into the water hard fighting fish
look at him quite well last weekend we
had the amazing Sierra in the city
tournament and I'd like to congratulate
mr. Danny Pennell who took home over
fifteen hundred dollars catching a 12
pound fish and winning the tournament
also I would like to congratulate all
the top ten finishers and I would like
to thank all the sponsors that
participated in this major event and
made it a great success we will do it
again next year and it'll be bigger and
better than this year wow that was a
major fish that what just went into the
water as you can see folks we're still
stalking trout trout season is not over
still doing some major stockings on the
main lake and also we stock the kids
Lagoon the protein will be on hand this
weekend they will be walking the lagoon
and helping kids catch fish they will
also be in the tackle shop there to give
you pointers and information on the best
bait and tackle to use we have
motorboats available for $55 we have
pontoon boats for 150 we have the deluxe
boat for 200 and the VIP boat for 300
and we have also added camo to our fleet
of reservations if you want to request
camo on the weekends it will be a
hundred and sixty five dollars you can
reserve it in advance alright here comes
the next tank and the last taste have
some major big fish in it let's see what
we got in this one pay attention
everybody I'm sure we have some big
so to be gonna be coming through make
sure to visit Rogers cafe he has the
best breakfast burritos and
cheeseburgers at all of Orange County
and make sure to stop by the tackle shop
we have all the bait and tackle that you
need to make your trip a success we have
the pro team on hand every weekend to
give you pointers and information on
what's happening on the lake whoa look
at that talk whoo fighting all the way
down that was your major on Jim seventh
it'll be the king of the cats kickoff
series so make sure to come out for that
evening tournament it'll be a twenty
dollar buying it'll start the king of
the cat series the top ten of every
tournament will wind up at the king of
the cats championship at the end of the
season in October where you will be
fishing for a prize package worth five
thousand dollars so make sure to come
out for those catfish tournaments there
are a lot of fun from all of us at
irvine lake thank you for your continued
support we are freeway friendly close to
the five the 405 255 the 91 and the 241
toll road we are the great outdoors only
minutes away and we are the lake that
wants you to catch fish